MapLeads — native macOS lead workspace

OPEN
Double-click dist/MapLeads.app, or run:
  open dist/MapLeads.app
You may move the app to /Applications. No browser server, Node, Python, or
Xcode is required to run the built app. Requires macOS 14 or newer.
The supplied build is locally ad-hoc signed, not notarized for distribution.

BUILD
  bash build-app.sh
Requires Apple's Swift command-line tools. No third-party package dependencies.

FIRST SEARCH
1. Open Settings → Apify and save your API token to macOS Keychain.
2. Choose Find leads. Enter a niche and city/state/country.
3. Select radius, result limit, detail level, and USD run spending cap.
4. Review the actor pricing link and authorize the paid run.
5. Start search. Leads are saved when the run reaches a terminal state.
Apify performs the scrape in the cloud. The app sends maxTotalChargeUsd to
Apify; billing and enforcement are handled by Apify. Current pricing includes
actor events and platform usage. No searches run automatically.

INTERRUPTED RUNS
The run ID is retained in app preferences. Resume / collect retrieves its
status and results without starting another paid run. Abort cloud run sends
an abort request; charges already incurred remain. Closing the app does not
stop a cloud run. If a start request fails before an ID arrives, inspect Apify
Console before retrying: the server may already have started it.

QUALIFICATION
Website opportunities: reachable operational businesses with no listed or
discovered site; enabled enrichment gates must pass.
Existing-site opportunities: businesses with websites, for service discovery.
Inactive / stale leads: newest-review evidence older than the configured
cutoff (24 months by default), when DataForSEO qualification is enabled.
Needs verification: missing, ambiguous, pending, expired, or failed evidence.
Excluded: no phone, closed/moved/consumer alert, or Not interested/Do not contact.
Original Maps-only qualification remains in CSV for provenance.
Old reviews do not establish closure. No website found does not prove absence.

OUTREACH
Choose a lead, edit stage/notes/follow-up/meeting, then Save outreach BEFORE
selecting another lead. Follow-ups shows scheduled follow-ups, not calendar
notifications. Imports and refreshes preserve saved outreach for the same ID.
Export brief includes the current detail editor's notes and scheduling fields.
Website previews are not generated or deployed by this app.

IMPORT / EXPORT
Import JSON accepts an Apify dataset JSON array, not CSV or a run envelope.
Malformed records produce an error; no partial import is silently accepted.
CSV exports the currently filtered list and neutralizes formula-like fields.
Export brief produces a plain-text input for your existing website templates.

LOCAL DATA
Library: ~/Library/Application Support/MapLeads/leads.json
Token: macOS Keychain, service local.MapLeads, account apify
Pending run: macOS app preferences
Back up leads.json with your normal local backups. The library is not encrypted
by this app; macOS permissions and FileVault provide system-level protection.
If the library is unreadable, the app refuses to overwrite it. Restore a backup
and relaunch. Removing a damaged library loses its records; preserve a copy.

OPTIONAL ENRICHMENT (1.1)
Settings contains Enrichment, Apify, Firecrawl, DataForSEO, and AI analysis.
All enrichment is off by default. Enable desired providers, save credentials,
then choose Enrich this lead or Enrich filtered list and approve the batch.
No automatic enrichment runs after import/search. Disabled services get no
requests; their past results are retained but their category gates are off.
DataForSEO needs API login/password, not the normal account password.
AI needs a compatible Chat Completions base URL, key, and model ID; Refresh
models fetches the advertised list, or enter an ID manually. Model discovery
is not a guarantee of access. AI needs fresh matched Firecrawl page content.
Review checks run first; stale leads skip website and AI work. Checks are
cached 30 days by default. Force refresh incurs additional provider charges.
Apify's spending cap does NOT cover enrichment; there is no shared dollar cap.
Stop finishes the current request; pending review tasks are saved and resume
on the next enrichment pass without resubmission. Provider task failures stay
visible rather than silently purchasing new tasks.
Evidence, dates, pending tasks, and AI suggestions live in enrichment.json
alongside leads.json. Back up both files. Enrichment keys use Keychain service
local.MapLeads.enrichment. Business facts and page text go to enabled providers.
AI suggestions are hypotheses and discovery questions, never guaranteed needs.
See README.md for complete provider behavior and verification limits.

VERIFICATION / LIMITATIONS
Release build and native visible-window launch verified locally. Throwaway
scenarios passed qualification, deduplication, persisted outreach, CSV safety,
and malformed-input handling. A real unauthenticated API call produced the
expected 401 handling; no paid run was made. Successful paid-run completion,
Keychain save/read with your credential, and full UI click-through remain to
be exercised with your account. Accessibility automation was disabled and
screenshot inspection was unavailable in the development tool environment.

SOURCES
https://apify.com/kaix/google-maps-places-scraper
https://docs.apify.com/api/v2/actors-runs-post
https://docs.apify.com/api/v2/dataset-items-get
